chore: add license (#9)
wonderland-archive/smock-foundry: README.md

To add a changeset, run the command `yarn changeset` in the root of this repo. You will be presented with a small prompt to select the packages to be released, the scope of the release (major, minor, or patch), and the reason for the release. Comments within changeset files will be automatically included in the changelog of the package.

# Licensing

> The primary license for Prophet contracts is MIT, see [`LICENSE`](./LICENSE).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The primary license for the mock generator is MIT, see [`LICENSE`](./LICENSE).
```
